Add new blog entry: Manage Static Assets with Golang (#44)
xNok/xNok: website/content/english/blogs/2021-03-24-manage-static-assets-with-golang.md

---
title: "Manage Static Assets with Golang"
date: 2021-03-24
draft: false

> categories: ["Golang", "SlackBots"]

Author: ```suggestion
categories: ["Golang", "Slack"]
```

> tags: ["embed", "Golang", "SlackBot", "Block-kit", "JSON"]

Author: ```suggestion
tags: ["Golang", "SlackBot"]
```

images:
- https://prod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/bd16a693-0437-45a1-9aec-255351a830a8/f9888c0f-03f6-498b-b951-0eed7cca54aa/1EmVgjYhgcGYobXu_9T5DIg.png
---

> > Original Article: [Manage Static Assets with Golang | by Alexandre Couëdelo | Mar, 2021 | Medium | Medium](https://couedeloalexandre.medium.com/manage-static-assets-with-embed-golang-1-16-75c89c3eea39)

Author: ```suggestion
> Original Article: [Manage Static Assets with Golang](https://couedeloalexandre.medium.com/manage-static-assets-with-embed-golang-1-16-75c89c3eea39)
```

## Summary

> In this article, I explore how to manage static assets in **Golang** applications using the new `embed` package introduced in version 1.16. This **package** simplifies the process of embedding files directly into your application binary. I find this feature particularly useful for handling resources like **JSON** payloads for **SlackBot** messages. The article provides insights into creating and rendering customizable messages using **Block-kit**, and I discuss the advantages of this approach for building efficient Slack applications. You will learn how the `embed` package offers a convenient solution for keeping static content within a single binary.

Author: ```suggestion
This article explores managing static assets in Golang applications using the new `embed` package introduced in version 1.16. This feature simplifies shipping assets directly into your application binary, which is particularly useful for handling SlackBot messages. 

The article delves into using `embed` to create and render customizable messages crafted with **Slack Block-kit**.
```

## Key Concepts

*   **Golang embed Package:** A new feature in Golang 1.16 that allows embedding files and directories into the application binary.

> *   **Static Assets Management:** Efficiently manage static assets such as JSON files, templates, and other resources.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> *   **SlackBot Development:** Creating and managing customizable messages for Slack applications using Block-kit.

Author: ```suggestion
```
